Readers will understand that the concept of ownership is vital to any business. Companies need to know what they own (so they can use it for free and/or charge others who want to use it) and what others have (if necessary). Companies use laws to define property rights and authorize their use. Before the information technology revolution, companies must prove their ownership with tangible things: goods, land, etc. are coming.Laws on "intellectual property" (for example, companies can own property in a newly developed manufacturing process) are a backlog of fairly opaque laws. Information technology changes this situation by significantly improving the reputation of intangible assets. The economy of countries such as the United Kingdom and the United States is dominated by manufacturing, but in the late 1980s, it accounted for the proportion of GDP (gross domestic product)Manufacturing in both countries fell to less than half and continues to decline, and trade in services and intangible assets both exceeded some growth.
At this time, as measured by the price determined by the market for intangible assets, intangible assets account for a large part of typical company assets. The then Treasury Secretary Gordon Brown (Gordon Brown) said in 2006: 25 years higher than the market value of large companies. It is nothing more than the value of his property. Today, the market value of a leading British company is five times its tangible assets, which is a testament to the economic power of knowledge, ideas and innovation.Leading companies are now intellectual property. A large part of this change is attributed to information technology. Of course, this means that intellectual property law has become a very important area of ??trade law and needs to be developed in accordance with technological development.
The topic that student readers might even think of is how to destroy the copyright of music companies through peer-to-peer network sharing concerts, making it difficult for them to apply for laws to defend or defend their status. A business model that enables them to make money in a new technological environment. However, for current purposes, this field is not very important. The only change made by the IT department is to make compliance with the law easier and more difficult.In this tutorial, these areas are the areas where the attribute itself (not just the media used to copy or move it) is composed of computer software or electronic databases, etc. In these areas, it is often unclear how existing intellectual property laws work. You are adjusting a law made for other purposes a long time ago to develop an intellectual property system for the IT industry, but so far, the law is not very effective.
In contrast to sharing music files, the problem is not with law enforcement agencies. In the case of sharing music files, many people involved do not care about the legality of their activities when they feel safe to be detected! Rights-but you need to know what these rights are. If a company is used to not insisting on its legal rights, it will be difficult to make a profit.Long-term legal mechanisms to define and protect different types of intellectual property (copyrights and patents). Copyright was originally introduced to define the ownership of "literary works" such as novels, poems, or non-fiction, but has since expanded to match musical works, movies, etc. A patent is a newly invented industrial machine or process.
Neither copyright law nor patent law is part of the common law. Both devices were made in accordance with the law (in fact, copyright only took effect in the United States in the 1890s. In order to make separate copies across the Atlantic, they were reprinted and sold to the author for free) was the original motivation. So patent laws are the same: they are deliberatePromote socially beneficial achievements (in literature and industry) by formulating specific incentives for innovators.
The two legal branches provide different types of protection. When creating a work, the author of a "literary work" automatically obtains the copyright and prohibits anyone from reproducing a copy of the work (within a specified number of years after the validity period). Without the permission of the copyright holder, the future and various regulations that do not matter here. Therefore, copyright is his property that he can sell or obtain monetary permission. For books, publishers usually hire the author to obtain a publishing license in exchange for royalties paid to him.Sell ??copies. For new media like movies, the business model is different, but (that worries us) the Basic Law is basically the same.
On the other hand, the inventor (or any other person) does not automatically obtain a patent. Obtaining a patent is a complicated and expensive task, but after obtaining a patent, it will prohibit anyone (again within a specified future period) from using the process or mechanism without the permission of the patentee. In turn, a patent is a property of economic value that can be sold or licensed to companies that want to innovate their business. Tim Press clearly outlines the legal contrast between copyright and patent: documents with novel contentChemical processes are protected by copyright, but this protection can prevent documents from being copied, not the process itself. Process patents can prevent execution but cannot be written or distributed.
Computer programs are "texts" that define and control "processes." At first glance, a question arises as to which IP protection is most relevant to software. In the years when IT is economically important, the answer has changed.