What is the best way to store and collect the complex data obtained from HCS testing which presents many challenges regarding the methods used to receive RNAi responses and the collected job data? To enable accurate data collection for HCS testing, data and images and associated data must be stored in a manner that is complete and easy to read. HCS data should be stored using these data characteristics to provide full access, analysis and use of data. Products that represent data in a logical order. Data models (either data structures or data structures) are the various types of HCS data (i.e., integrated data, results: knowledge of images and metadata), test simulations, and predictive data changes (e.g., wells, wells, Molecular, property, imagery, image sizes and their various properties, different number of hours, etc.). The data model provides a connection between the data path and data, enabling you to organize, store and analyze your data efficiently. The database implemented by the data model allows you to integrate related elements to improve visualization, analysis and data. Data models are important for integration with other systems.
The HCS database consists of three types of data: 
1.compound source data (RNAi or microenvironment). 
2.Many photos that need a lot of storage.. 
3.The number of files that contain image processing parameters. 
4.Metadata.
Therefore, a lot of data is collected for one well. In addition, other aggregated information about the test or trial, such as consensus information, is usually recorded. There are four types of data, and three can be easily explained. HCS Data Generator:
-Image Data: An image detected in each channel of each field in the well, a summary image for visual purposes
-Numerical Yield Data: Steps leading to collaborative image tracing and image analysis algorithms. 
-Metadata: Linked data that provides context for the other two types of data (for example, metadata is data that describes other data). Examples include extended information, test types, plate data, protocols, operators, data registered as response values, and information imported from other systems.
We understand how cell features is produced by information. Each field is a piece of a picture area. Each field contains many pictures for light light (called "channel" and "colored") to use the biology / Dint (again, DIP). Normally, between two to four channels to the files (E. each station is displaying different cells of the cell. 1 Kode 2 Channel: 3 Channel: 3 Channel: 3 Channel: 3 Channel: 3 Channel: 3 Channel: The resulting images are automatically analyzed by image processing and test results are provided. Each well is planted with a specific number of cells that an image processing algorithm needs to detect. , Microscopy or experimental work. The number of cells in each hole depends on the test, but typically ranges from 5 to 10,000 cells. Well field photos are often combined into one image using the montage feature. For each cell, automatic image processing is used to calculate different characteristics (or measurements). Cell properties include measurements such as size, shape, and strength.
The number of features in the listed cells depends on the test, but is usually in the range of 5 to 500. These properties should be thoroughly investigated, filtered and the parameters considered only for the interpretation of the addiction. Regarding providing properly calculated statistics (rows are labeled with plate numbers and special positions), the total scale size of the experiment is in the acquired data, thumbnails, library data, and numerical result data. Is based. Data, gain, and processing time depend on several factors, including test type, number of plates, screen type (primary, secondary), computer presence, toolkit, or research, and the number of devices that can run in parallel. Varies. Table 2 shows an example experiment that summarizes the time required, the amount of data required for library size data, and the numerical performance data stored in megabytes. Quantitative results are estimated based on the number of functional data (table rows). Depending on the number of images obtained. The number of images depends on the plate number, plate type (96, 384, 1536), number of fields, number of channels, degree of contention, and end of time when motion investigation is started.Character status is between 500 KB to 2 MB (parts of these photographs are often separated). JPEG OUTUKA Brand: Cell System, the value between the image and the number of photos is the same as the number of announcements, but the number of quality depends on the visibility of visibility and applies the relevant role during different vision You need the capacity. As a result, scratches. Data solution to collect libraries, images, and data results.