Computer simulation projects are more than just buying simulation software, setting up some settings and waiting for the questions to be answered. This chapter introduces the broader prospects covered by modeling in developing methods to start correctly. The failed project is under investigation.
Simulations can move extraordinarily wrong, mainly if the suitable infrastructure isn't always cautiously advanced to guide the modeling effort. Few simulation analysts can record that each one in their fashions are flawless. The preceding instance analyzed a actual simulation challenge that have become disastrous and the stairs taken to restore it. Although the version were accurate, the simulation obtained complaint and blame for the problems. Several pitfalls may be recognized through searching on the manner in retrospect.
First, the modeling analyst has no experience and has no personal understanding of how the system works. This slowed down the initial development of the model.
Second, the members of the modeling team did not participate correctly. Although the model had problems, it did not take time to repair it as a preventive measure. Instead, the system was installed and the problem was solved at a higher cost.
Third, during the modeling process, the goal has changed. The initial simulation was to see if it was feasible. When production is scarce, a new goal becomes the policy-"make it work". If you model more carefully, you can avoid the problems found in this case study. If preventive measures are not working correctly, costly repairs and delays can be avoided.
Recent research on discrete event computer simulation projects found that failed attempts have the characteristics of high cost, limited model size and slow software speed. Grammar, higher analytical experience, and structured methods for model development. Although these results are not surprising, the importance of structured methods to modeling methods is obvious.The following sections of this tutorial introduce a method that can help you successfully complete a simulation project. Each simulation project is unique, and the outlined steps can be customized to best meet your specific needs.There are six basic steps, each of which has multiple components. The main phases of the research:
Intelligence stage. The forerunner of any solution is to fully develop and understand the underlying dilemma or problem.
Management stage. Usually, this step requires interaction with the management and other non-technical personnel of the organization to obtain the necessary resources and support, and to form a modeling project team.
development stage. At this stage, one or more simulation models are created. System design, detailed design, and coding have been completed and depend on the interaction of analysts and other members of the modeling team.
Quality assurance stage. Before fully coding or at least prototyping the model, the analyst must ensure proper verification and validation. The idea of ??testing and completion or integration is also important here. You may need to test one step further and develop authentication by interacting with end users and managers. All simulations usually come with quality assurance.life cycle.
Implementation phase: Start to use the model and carry out decision support activities.
Operation, maintenance and storage phases. The development work is almost complete, leaving only maintenance tasks. If the project produces simulations that support reuse, this step may be important.
Modeling projects can be a complex organizational task. Usually, it is wrong to think that a modeling project starts and ends with model coding. There are a lot more. In many cases, modeling is only a small part of the larger life cycle of a modeling project. As mentioned earlier, modeling projects cover a wide range of activities, from defining systems and problems to ensuring that the logic developed in the model can fill the gap between the model and the real world and make it possible.Used in the actual implementation of the system. The following sections describe in more detail the mechanisms for conducting professional simulation research.
4.1 Intelligence 
In the intelligent phase of the simulation life cycle, you need to understand the environment and determine the problems that need to be solved. Usually at this stage, the modeler or potential modeler will find a situation that needs to be modeled. Modeling analysts must know that there is a problem in order to exit this stage. And you should at least have a preliminary understanding of the nature of the problem. The definition and feasibility of the problem are usually evaluated at this stage.
4.1.1 Problem Definition
In order to ensure the success of the simulation project, multiple events must occur before other work can begin. First, the client must define the research goals. The simulation goal describes the questions that the simulation should answer. In other words, the harbinger of every decision. It is a complete understanding of potential dilemmas or problems. It is necessary to determine the parameters of the problem and the scaling constraints.The modeling project can be determined by broad statements such as "The Denver Chamber of Commerce predicts that passenger traffic will increase by 50% in the next 18 months." The problem definition established the formula and checked the system environment to clarify the goals of the analysis.
For example, the problem definition can be:
Can the existing baggage handling system cope with the increase in the number of passengers entering and leaving the project?
Of course, this question can be quickly replaced with a related question:
Given the expected increase in the number of arrivals and departures of passengers, what needs to be changed?
Such clarification should be done early in the simulation life cycle.